A school is hosting a one-week summer reading workshop and has given parents the flexibility to choose several hours that they would be able to bring their child/children to attend one of those hours. Only children who are either in middle school or upper elementary may attend, and these grade groups will be separated. The instructors would like between 4 to 8 students in an elementary school session or 8 to 12 students in a middle school section. Each child will be assigned a “trouble” ranking (1-10 with 1 being easy and 10 being the most difficult) which indicates how difficult a child will be. Students with ADHD will also have a special indicator, and teachers will have an indicator on whether or not they are qualified to teach a student with ADHD or not. (Only one disability is included considering the complexity of finding the answer for multiple disabilities. ADHD was chosen since it is the most commonly claimed disability according to this website, which is listed as cognitive disability: https://www.census.gov/content/dam/Census/library/publications/2021/acs/acsbr-006.pdf). The school would like to schedule at least one certified instructor with the classes that at least one student with ADHD is attending. The school wants to organize the students and teachers attending those four classes to minimize the total amount of trouble that the students will be for the instructors. This is in order to make the week of classes the most effective for both teachers and students by creating the most stable environment possible for learning.

No data for this kind of problem exists online, so we constructed two dummy datasets based on this scenario. The dummy datasets have information on teachers and students separately. The students dataset consists of variables such as an arbitrary ID given to a student, a student's first and last name, gender, age, and the times available. (All names given were generated using https://www.behindthename.com/random/; All times available were generated by the Hour_Sampling.py code.) Students' data were parsed into required binary variables: First Hour, Second Hour, Third Hour, and Fourth Hour. Whether the student was in elementary or middle school was parsed based on their Age and put into Grade. Additionally, a randomly generated trouble indicator numbering from 1 to 10 as well as a 5% chance random generator for whether a child has a disability (based on the information from: https://www.census.gov/content/dam/Census/library/publications/2021/acs/acsbr-006.pdf).

The teachers dataset consists of variables such as an arbitrary ID, which grade the instructor teaches, and whether they are certified to teach students with ADHD. Grade is randomly generated across the 14 instructors so that five of them are elementary instructors, while the rest are for middle school. Whether a teacher has a certification or not is also randomly generated. Additionally, if each student has a trouble indicator, then a teacher should be able to mitigate the trouble with a relief factor, with numbers generated randomly between 5 and 10 (since instructors should be able to mitigate the difficulty students create).
